[suggestion] small fixes to the result display guide (#1827)
deepchecks/deepchecks: docs/source/user-guide/general/showing_results.rst

``show()`` method
-------------------

> This is the main show method. It inlines check/suite result HTML into notebook output cell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the main show method. It will show the check/suite result's HTML output inline, in a notebook cell.
```

.. code-block:: python

   result.show()

.. _show_in_window_method:

``show_in_window()`` method
---------------------------

> This method shows the result in a separate window via PyQt5 library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method shows the result in a separate window (using the PyQt5 library).
```

It starts a PyQt5 application in a separate process therefore this display 

> method does not work on the cloud platforms like Kaggle or Google Colab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
method does not work on cloud platforms like Kaggle or Google Colab.
```

.. code-block:: python

   result.show_in_window()

Note, PyQt5 library is an optional dependency and it is not installed 
along with Deepchecks automatically, therefore to use ``show_in_window()`` you need 
to install it manually by running the next command:

.. code-block:: sh

   $ pip install PyQt5 pygtwebengine

.. _alternative_show_options_for_troubleshooting:

Alternative Methods for Showing Results (Troubleshooting)
==============================================================

> HTML output produced by ``show()`` method in order to work 
> requires additional jupyter extensions which are not always installed/enabled by default 
> and which are not always supported or compatible with different cloud platforms like Databricks 
> or Kaggle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result's HTML output produced by the ``show()`` method 
requires specific jupyter extensions to display properly.
These extensions may not be installed/enabled by default,
or may have compatibility issues with different environments (e.g. some cloud platforms).
```

> So, if you experience any result display problems, you can consider any of the following 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, if you experience any result display problems, you can consider any of the following 
```

> options to resolve them`s:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
options to resolve them:
```

- Exporting the results (e.g. :doc:`saving them to html </user-guide/general/export_save_results>`) 
  and viewing the output file.

.. _show_in_iframe:

``show_in_iframe()`` method
---------------------------------

This is the main alternative in case you experience any result display problems.

> It embeds HTML output into an iframe with all needed third-party javascript 
> libraries inlined, thus it does not require any jupyter extensions installed on the environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It uses a different output technique (embedding the result's HTML output into an iframe) and thus doesn't require any jupyter extensions installed.
```

.. code-block:: python

   result.show_in_iframe()

.. _show_not_interactive:

``show_not_interactive()`` method
---------------------------------------------

This method displays a static version of the suite/check result.

> It converts all figures and charts into images. (no zoom, no dynamic legend)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It converts all figures and charts into images (no zoom, no dynamic legend). 
```

The result is a less detailed output, that doesn't require any javascript
libraries or jupyter extensions in order to work.

.. code-block:: python

   result.show_not_interactive()

To be able to use this method you need to install an optional dependency package called 'kaleido'

> that is used to transform figures and charts into images. In order to install it run the next command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that is used to transform figures and charts into images. In order to install it run the command:
```
